labs/setup_pam.adoc, before:

== Summary 

This section will walk you through deploying Red Hat Process Automation Manager via the OpenShift Operator.

It will also show you how to import a business process and configure the REST endpoint to match the stock manager endpoint.

== Requirements

Ensure the Stock Manager is deployed. 

== Step 1: Install the Business Automation Operator

Find the Business Automation Operator in the Operator Hub. Continue by selecting this operator and clicking "Install".

image::pam-operator-install.png[PAM Operator Install]

Once the operator has installed, click "Installed Operators". On the right hand side of click the blue hyperlink below installer.

image::pam-operator-install-2.png[PAM Operator Installer]

Login with your OpenShift credentials & confirm authorization.

Set the following parameters under *1. Installation*

* Application name: RHPAM 
* Environment: rhpam-authoring
* Admin username: admin
* Admin password: password

Set the following parameters under *2. Security*

* Authentication method: Internal

Set the following parameters under *3. Components - Console*

*Scroll down to Resource quotas*

* Memory request: 6Gi
* Memory limit: 6Gi

*3. Components - KIE Servers*

* Add new KIE server
* Id: kieserver
* Name: Kieserver

*Scroll down to Resource quotas*

* Memory request: 4Gi
* Memory limit: 4Gi

*Scroll down to Database*

* Database type: MySQL

*Click next till you reach 4. Confirmation*


*Click "Deploy"*

After a few minutes the required Pods will have been spun up. The cluster topology / workloads should look like the below:

image::pam-operator-install-topology.png[PAM Operator Install topology]

Commit message:

improve setup_pam.adoc lab

labs/setup_pam.adoc, after:

= Setup PAM and import the restocking business process

== Introduction 

This section will walk you through deploying Red Hat Process Automation Manager via the OpenShift Operator.

It will also show you how to import a business process and configure the REST endpoint to match the stock manager endpoint.

== Requirements

Ensure the Stock Manager is deployed. 

== Step 1: Install the Business Automation Operator

Find the Business Automation Operator in the Operator Hub. Continue by selecting this operator and clicking "Install".

image::pam-operator-install.png[PAM Operator Install]

Once the operator has installed, click "Installed Operators". On the right hand side of click the blue hyperlink below installer.

image::pam-operator-install-2.png[PAM Operator Installer]

Login with your OpenShift credentials & confirm authorization.

Set the following parameters under *1. Installation*

* Application name: RHPAM 
* Environment: rhpam-authoring
* Admin username: admin
* Admin password: password

Set the following parameters under *2. Security*

* Authentication method: Internal

Set the following parameters under *3. Components - Console*

*Scroll down to Resource quotas*

* Memory request: 6Gi
* Memory limit: 6Gi

*3. Components - KIE Servers*

* Add new KIE server
* Id: kieserver
* Name: Kieserver

*Scroll down to Resource quotas*

* Memory request: 4Gi
* Memory limit: 4Gi

*Scroll down to Database*

* Database type: MySQL

*Click next till you reach 4. Confirmation*


*Click "Deploy"*

After a few minutes the required Pods will have been spun up. The cluster topology / workloads should look like the below:

image::pam-operator-install-topology.png[PAM Operator Install topology]
